# TIC_TAC_TOE
Tic TAC toe is a pencil-paper game for two players, X and O, who take turns marking the spaces in a 2 dimensional Array. The player who succeeds in placing three respective marks in a horizontal, vertical or in a diagonal way wins the game. Tic-tac-toe is a game where two players X and O fill the hash (#) shaped box (consist of two vertical lines crossing two horizontal lines) with their alternate turns. The player who first fills the box with 3Xs or 3Os in a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal manner will win the game.
Tic-tac-toe helps develop coordination, fine motor skills and visual skills. It helps children learn how to follow rules and take turns. It can help improve your child's concentration.
People love the game of tic-tac-toe, and this app will enable them to play it online with opponents from all around the world. In addition to enabling playing the game, the app will record individual stats for each player, keeping track of, for example, a player's win/loss record and opponents played. It will award badges and ranks to players based on their historical data. The app will provide features for finding new opponents to play against. For example, it will help players search for other players at a similar level, and it will enable a player to invite other players to play then and there or to schedule game times for later. During a game, players will be able to message each other in real time. Because cases of misconduct can happen, players will have a way of reporting other players who violate the app's terms of use. Additionally, administrators will have the ability to disable the account of players who violate the rules.

